Q What is the difference between Named Export, Default Export and * as export?

Ans -> Named Exports -> Can export multiple values , Must use the exported name when importing.
Default Exports -> Export a single value, Can use any name when importing.
They break tree shaking as instead of importing the single function you want to use you're forcing webpack to import the entire file with whatever other dead code it has leading to bigger bundle sizes

Q What is the importance of config.js file?

Ans -> Config.js allows developers to configure their app in an XML block instead of hard-coding
values inside their scripts or in JSON objects.

Q What are React Hooks?

Ans -> React Hooks are simple JS functions that we can use to isolate the reusable part from a
functional component.
				OR
A Hook is a special function that lets you “hook into” React features.

Q What is State in React?

The State is a built-in React Object that is used to containe data or info about the component. A component's state can change over time and when it does, the component re-renders.

Q Why do we need a usedState Hook?

Ans -> If we write a function component and realise that we need to add some state to it, previously we had to convert it to class. Now, we can use hook inside the existing class.

Q. What does calling useState do? 
   It declares a state variable.
Q. What do we pass to useState as an argument?
  The only argument is initial state.
Q. What does useState return? 
  It returns a pair of values : the current state and a function that updates it.

Q. Two ways data-binding?

Two way data binding gives components in your app a way to share data. Use two way data sharing to listen for events and update values between parent and child simulataneously.

Q. Target property in JS.

The target property returns the element where the event occured. The target property is read-only. 

currentTarget property returns the element whose event listener triggered event.
